Bring him outside.
I will do the rest.
What was that. your boyfriend?
Let's say you are
who you say you are.
-What can you do for me?
-What do you want?
I want immunity from prosecution.
asylum in the U.S. and citizenship.
How about a condo on South Beach
and a rich boyfriend?
Those I can get for myself.
-What do you want?
-I need to know more about Anarchy 99.
You want to know about Anarchy 99?
You've seen the girls.
the clubs. the parties.
What you don't see
is what goes on during the day.
There's been a lot of activity in the
last year. People coming in and out.
-Russian scientists.
-Well. what are they up to?
They go in the basement
and I'm not allowed in.
Now's a good time for you
to get invited.
Yorgi knows you're an agent.
Kirill is waiting with his rifle.
-Where--?
-Don't look!
There's a back door.
They'll know you warned me.
If you go out the front.
he'll put a bullet in your eye.
-You still packing?
-Always.
Get ready to use it.
-What's your plan?
-He's still in love with you.
-He'll wait for a clear shot.
-That's your plan? Thank you. Great.
Draw!
He's on the way.
Gibbons! My favorite kidnapper.
Next time send a limo.
Oh. you've got to be kidding me.
You already broke me.
No need to get cruel and unusual.
A ticket? Now. that's funny.
-Where am I going to go now?
-Home.
Home?
Your cover's blown.
You're not useful.
That's it? I'm done?
No tricks. We have enough intel
to move forward.
-With what?
-Sweeper team: quick. clean. effective.
Don't worry about it.
It'll all be over soon.
You mean a sweeper team
to come in and kill everybody?
Not all of them are as bad
as you think.
You had to shoot a cop. How
"not as bad as I think" could they be?
Okay. look.
We've got a complication.
There's a girl. Yelena.
There's always a girl.
She wants out and I sent her back in
to get more intel for you.
There's no time to play favorites.
The cards have been dealt.
What do you mean
the cards have been dealt?
You don't even know her. man.
Oh. by the way. that bank number
you gave us?
Your friends and Yelena have made
some large cash transfers...
...to a group of Russian scientists
known to specialize and traffic...
...in biological weapons.
-She had nothing to do with it.
-Go home.
-She ain't--!
-That's an order.
How's it going?
Life is shit!
Yeah. well what can you do?
Through this door.
you are with us to the end.
-Are you sure that's what you want?
-I'm sure.
This is Ahab. Think of it as
solar-powered submarine.
It can circumnavigate the globe
to reach its target.
It need only surface to gather sunshine
and to do its business.
What is it? What's its business?
Dropping off presents to all
the good little boys and girls.
My team will be finished tomorrow.
How about you?
We're finished now.
Nikolai!
Bring the rockets.
The detonator is for you.
Yorgi! The binary agents are mixing...
...it will kill us all!
Looks like little white mouse.
Bye-bye. little mouse.
My God.
They did their job
and now they were liability.
We don't need anyone
talking about our business.
The gas gets sucked through the
extractor fans. passed into water...
...and broken down to become.
once again. completely harmless.
So quiet.
I know now why they call it
Silent Night.
Let's get some food.
Find out what's going on!
What the hell was that?
That works.
Fire in the hole.
Sova. What are you doing here. man?
First you set me up in the bar.
Then you shoot me in the back.
My boss does it to me.
I did it to you. It's a vicious circle.
-You think it's funny?
-No.
You didn't take it personally.
did you?
I did what I had to do to get in.
We're on the same side.
I'm sorry. I switched sides.
You pushed me too far. My government
doesn't pay as well as Yorgi.
My government pays twice as much--
Think you could just walk
into the spy business...
-...and have all the angles figured out?
-What are you going to do. shoot me?
Where? In the head. to be quick?
Or in the chest for an open casket.
so I can see your heart?
Can I think about it?
What are you doing?!
I heard you talking. I could tell
where you were in the room.
What are you doing with the Ivans?
What's going on?
There's something I didn't
have the time to tell you.
I'm an agent as well.
I'm an agent for FSB.
Russian Intelligence.
You know. like your ClA.
-I've been undercover for two years.
-Two years?
What was your plan.
let them die of old age?
There was no plan.
A year ago. Intelligence gets
reorganized. I stop getting orders.
They forget about me. And I did what
I must to survive. You understand?
What do I understand?
I've been an agent for a week.
But my boss needs to know
what we know now.
-Okay?
-Okay.
The submarine's purpose is to deploy
a nerve agent called Silent Night.
It's been missing since
the Soviet Union's collapse in '91.
It can kill millions.
We knew they were up to something.
You found out.
-That's excellent work. Triple X.
-There was never a sweeper team.
If I said don't jump off
the Empire State Building....
-You're right. I'd definitely do it.
-I inspired you.
I'm an authority figure.
that's what I'm supposed to do.
Look. my men are on this now.
-It's time for you to come home.
-What about Yelena?
I'm not authorized to give her asylum.
But I promise it'll be done
by the time you get here.
Come home. Xander. That's an order.
How soon can Yorgi launch this thing?
You were told to go home!
Your people are handling--
How soon. Yelena?
Soon.
But it's not our problem anymore!
If they get ahead of schedule.
it's everyone's.
He's got an army. a fortress.
You don't stand a chance!
I've risked my life for stupid reasons.
This is the first one that makes sense.
This is not one of your stunts.
You'll die in this. you know that.
If you don't go back in there...
...he'll know something's wrong.
You can't ask me to go back there.
You can't.
You want to know something ironic?
I volunteered for this assignment.
I wanted to make a difference.
I fought for it.
Then finish it.
Remember what I told you.
after you kissed me?
-Never again?
-I lied.
But when you break it down.
I'm a simple man.
I'd be happy with a beautiful
Czech girl--
Hey. geek!
Got new orders from Gibbons. Get in.
-I want all that in here.
-Done.
The castle's covered
with surveillance cameras.
That's why we cannot get close enough.
Hang on. That's why I need to
knock out the communications tower...
...at the base of the mountain.
Is there anyone here
who knows how to fly a plane?
I can.
Too much turbulence
around these mountains!
Just get me in line with that tower!
I'll do the rest!
Go now!
Viktor! We got company!
Catch him fast. Kill him slow!
Nothing like fresh powder.
Yelena. my sweet dove.
did you get confused?
Your assignment was to kill the cop
after he killed X.
Not good for undercover agent
from Russian lntelligence.
I knew about you all along...
...and it was my pleasure to twist
you and use you how I saw fit.
And you.
Of all people.
I thought you'd understand...
...what I'm trying to accomplish.
Can you imagine?
Imagine a city like Prague vanishing...
...in a cloud of poison gas.
Then Hamburg. London. Washington.
Imagine not knowing who did it. or why.
And so they turn on each other.
These guys attack those guys.
Those guys invade these guys.
Soon. whole world implodes.
Imagine governments disappearing.
And in the end...
...imagine facing absolute.
beautiful freedom.
But neither of you will be there
to see it.
Like Viktor.
Like Kolya.
Cover me!
Get me out of this thing!
He took the hard drive.
He's going to launch Ahab!
Pick one.
Ivan. take out that nest!
You have to turn the safety off.
Hold them off as long as you can.
See you. my friend.
Come on. baby.
Stop! He's got us pinned down.
Shit.
You got a bazooka!
Stop thinking Prague police and start
thinking PlayStation. Blow shit up!
This is not bazooka.
This is heat-seeker rocket.
Heat-seeker?
Set it.
The son of a bitch is smoking.
I told him that cigarette
would kill him.
Learn how to shoot. piece of shit!
Quick! Help me pull him out!
It will hit the city in 30 minutes!
Guys. I need a helicopter.
I need transportation.
I need a--
X. there you are.
I gave you everything you wanted.
This thing will damn near fly now.
You screwed me.
Gibbons didn't authorize this.
He'll hang us both out to dry.
-Agent Shavers.
-Yeah?
I'm going to give you
a field promotion.
Take over. finish the mop-up.
You're in charge.
Yes. sir! I'm the man for the job!
I won't let you down!
Wait! Wait! Wait!
Almost forgot the manual. You'll need
this.
Hey. X. Go kick some ass.
That thing must be going 80 mph!
How do we stop it?!
We can't! The controls
are on the bubble panel.
-You see it?
-Yeah.
The hard drive's in there!
You got the manual. See if Shavers
put in anything we could use.
-He's got very bad handwriting.
-Come on!
Flame throwers. mini-bombs. exploding
hubcaps. rocket launchers!
This is a tank.
You can't use any of it on Ahab.
Silent Night only breaks down
in deep water.
-I'll have to get on it!
-What?
I'll have to get on it.
Our surveillance puts Ahab
22 minutes outside of Prague.
-We should evacuate the city.
-22 minutes for 1.5 million people?
Call air support. We may need
to blow it out of the water.
-If we hit that thing--
-This city will die.
And the crisis will be contained!
One city's better than 10.
Another thing: A blue GTO
is traveling parallel to Ahab.
Shit! Does this road
go back to the river?
Come on! Check the GPS!
Yes. it does!
Fifteen miles at the town of Davle!
There's got to be something here
we could use.
Harpoon gun. parachutes
built into seats. ejectable roof.
It's all useless!
How far are we?
The river is just beyond
the next village.
I'm going through!
Use the rocket launcher!
-Twenty-two!
-Hit it!
That was a flamethrower!
Use the rockets!
It's 32! I told you!
I told you he had bad handwriting!
Hit it!
Shavers loaded this thing.
We're missing something.
There are more weapons
here on the back. Look.
-Take the wheel!
-What? You're crazy!
The brake! The brake!
The gas! The gas!
X. what are you doing?
Five minutes to target.
X. talk to me!
What are you doing?
-You said there was an ejectable roof.
-Right here!
Hit it!
Shit! lt's out of range!
-There's a bridge! Cross the bridge!
-Okay.
Come on.
Come on!
-Got you!
-Yes!
-I wish I had a camera!
-What you talking about?
This is gonna be one hell of a trick.
Three minutes to target.
One minute to target.
Move! Move! Move!
Out of the way!
Eyes!
Ten seconds to target.
Target in sight.
Call the jets off.
Tell the jets to stand down!
Welcome to the Xander zone!
Zero contamination level. I understand.
sir. Zero contamination level.
You Yelena?
Mr. Gibbons.
I promised Xander
you could go to America.
I'm a man of my word.
It doesn't make much difference now.
does it?
He's alive! He's alive! Come here!
Get him out of there. double-time.
Go! Move!
-Bora Bora!
-What? I can't hear you!
Bora Bora.
You're getting burnt.
Xander. you there?
I know you're there. Xander. I've got
you here on satellite magnification.
Call me. We got a whole
new thing to talk about.
Something very important has come up.
Oh. by the way...
...you passed the test.
The Gibbons test.
You gotta be kidding me.
Ripped by mUy_tAte from
Triple.X.Proper.DVDrip.DivX-PosTX